hi it's Janet here from green urban
living I just thought i'd show you my my
rabbits eat up for my livestock that I'm
fattening up basically getting ready to
harvest them what I'm doing is keeping
them in a colony so they are in this pin
that's around about five meters squared
and they are safe from predators because
there's a high fence around it and they
live in here and it gives them a chance
to hop around sleep together and groom
each other and no lie on the Sun and I
bring them lots of hay and they're on
lots of pellets fresh water and i also
get them some vegetable scraps from the
local green grocer they love broccoli
stalks and celery and all the lift over
things like that so basically they get
lots of exercise lots of fresh here
they're out of the cage for a while
because I mean I know that it's
necessary to keep them in the cage but
it's lovely just to see them on ground
get their feet off the wire cages so
they're probably in here for around
about a good month until they're sort of
it the size where they can be be killed
and eaten I've made this sort of semi
Warren here I had some old branches
which I've all loaded into the corner
and they snuggle under there and they
feel nice and safe and I've also got one
cage here with one of my dough's owner
who's busy being a man with a litter
it's an ed cage there so yeah i just
thought i'd show you this they haven't
managed to borrow out yet and they're
very safe from cats and dogs can't get
in here and i think they're having a
wonderful sort of natural life and here
they're all snuggled and there's the mid
day now and it's quite warm so they were
snuggling down having their little
siesta and they get rid of frisky in the
evening at night
earlier hope that sir give you some
ideas for your rabbit tree